What did I do wrong?
But you shouldn’t
Trample others to climb up
Three years ago
I also gave up my family’s wealth
And started from nothing with Fù Jiā Hào
To build the Fù family
Jiǎng Sī Sī
If you want to stand above others
Then fight for it yourself
Relying on men
Only leads to this outcome
All effort for nothing
I’m going to find him
On what grounds are you going to find him?
Hearing what he did for you
Do you think you love him now?
Jiǎng Sī Sī
Are you even worthy?
That’s my business
It’s none of your concern
He’s gone
If the Qín family
Is willing to help the Wú family
What do you think the Wú family head
Would choose?
Jiǎng Sī Sī
You’ll never know where he is